README.md, before:

# Scribbler Bot

Scribbler Bot is a project that we, group 22, are developing for SE 101 in 1A Software Engineering at Waterloo. It is written in Python and uses the [Myro][1] library to control a robot.

[1]: http://wiki.roboteducation.org/Myro_Reference_Manual

## Templates

The HTML files for this project (all two of them) are generated from a template, so the first thing you have to do is run that script:

```
python gen-templates.py
```

## Server

Now, you must start the server:

```
python src/main.py
```

Use the `-h` flag to see what other options there are.

## Client

The web browser should have opened to `http://localhost:8080` automatically. You control Scribbler Bot via this web app. By clicking the buttons, you can choose a program, start/stop/reset the program, adjust the robot's speed, make it beep, display some information about the robot, clear the console, and toggle automatic scrolling of the console.

## Testing

If you want to test the project but you don't have access to the robot, replace the `import myro` lines with `import nomyro as myro`. This will provide dummy implementations of the Myro functions, so the program will run (but do nothing).

## Object avoidance

When the Avoider program is selected, the Scribbler drives in a straight line until it detects an object. It turns and drives around the object, then continues its path until it encounters another.

## Real task

After each group member has submitted a proposal and one has been selected, we will start work on the main part of the project.

## License

© 2014 Mitchell Kember, Justin Kim, Charles Bai, Leong Si, Renato Zveibil, Min Suk Kim, and Michael Min

Scribbler Bot is available under the MIT License; see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.

Commit message:

Add link to Trello in README

README.md, after:

# Scribbler Bot

Scribbler Bot is a project that we, group 22, are developing for SE 101 in 1A Software Engineering at Waterloo. It is written in Python and uses the [Myro][1] library to control a robot. We are organizing tasks for the project with [Trello boards][2].

[1]: http://wiki.roboteducation.org/Myro_Reference_Manual
[2]: https://trello.com/scribbler22

## Templates

The HTML files for this project (all two of them) are generated from a template, so the first thing you have to do is run that script:

```
python gen-templates.py
```

## Server

Now, you must start the server:

```
python src/main.py
```

Use the `-h` flag to see what other options there are.

## Client

The web browser should have opened to `http://localhost:8080` automatically. You control Scribbler Bot via this web app. By clicking the buttons, you can choose a program, start/stop/reset the program, adjust the robot's speed, make it beep, display some information about the robot, clear the console, and toggle automatic scrolling of the console.

## Testing

If you want to test the project but you don't have access to the robot, replace the `import myro` lines with `import nomyro as myro`. This will provide dummy implementations of the Myro functions, so the program will run (but do nothing).

## Object avoidance

When the Avoider program is selected, the Scribbler drives in a straight line until it detects an object. It turns and drives around the object, then continues its path until it encounters another.

## Real task

After each group member has submitted a proposal and one has been selected, we will start work on the main part of the project.

## License

© 2014 Mitchell Kember, Justin Kim, Charles Bai, Leong Si, Renato Zveibil, Min Suk Kim, and Michael Min

Scribbler Bot is available under the MIT License; see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.
